---
title: "Configuring DS220+"
---

!!! info
    [DS220+ Hardware Guide](https://github.com/JamFox/docs.jamfox.dev/raw/master/docs/content/homelab/attachments/Syno-DS220_Plus-HWGuide.pdf)

## RAM and Disks

Follow the instructions in [the manual](https://github.com/JamFox/docs.jamfox.dev/raw/master/docs/content/homelab/attachments/Syno-DS220_Plus-HWGuide.pdf) to install the RAM and disks.

## DSM Installation

Power on and navigate to any of the following addresses:

- find.synology.com
- synologynas:5000
- `<NAS IP>`:5000

## Restoring Hyper Backup

According to [official docs](https://kb.synology.com/en-br/DSM/help/HyperBackup/restore?version=7):

- Must have Hyper Backup or [Hyper Backup Explorer](https://kb.synology.com/en-nz/DSM/help/HyperBackupExplorer/hyperbackupexplorer?version=7) (the desktop app for it) to open/restore backups. For specific model check [DS220 utilities page](https://www.synology.com/en-nz/support/download/DS220+?version=7.2#utilities).
- Follow the Restore prompts to recover data
- Done

NOTE!: Some data/settings may not be backed up even if specified and using the full system recovery. Some notes about someone's recovery process:

- The restoration of almost 8TB of data took about 2 straight days. I'm not complaining, just mentioning it in case others are concerned about restores taking a long time.
- I backed up the system config and apps in hyper backup and selected the option during the restore to restore system config settings, but I found that apps/packages other than Moments and the handful of default packages DO NOT get installed/restored as part of the backup. The package data appears to be saved in that if you download and install a package that was present in the backup, all of your package configurations and settings seem to be restored, but packages do not get downloaded and installed automatically. I found this to be a bit annoying.
- Users and groups were backed up and restored appropriately.
- Settings such as snapshot replication or Drive versioning were completely not re-implemented, so anyone restoring the full NAS from hyperbackups should make sure to re-enable all of these.
- Firewall settings were not backed up/restored; none of my rules show up in the restored version, which is quite frustrating to discover.
- Shared Folder Sync (this is what I use to back up the NAS to another NAS semi-regularly) settings were not restored, so anyone using shared folder sync should make sure to double-check their tasks.
- Nothing about Docker was backed up; not even after downloading Docker, none of my previously-installed containers/images show in docker (I don't mean the containers aren't installed as I had them; unlike my other apps, it appears as if nothing about docker was backed up as part of hyperbackup).
- I'm finding random various settings that were not restored to what I had them.
